Scheme config variants wrong assignment for similar config names (#976)
yonaskolb/XcodeGen: CHANGELOG.md

[Commits](https://github.com/yonaskolb/XcodeGen/compare/2.18.0...2.19.0)

#### Fixed

> - Scheme config variants wrong assignment for similar config names. [#976](https://github.com/yonaskolb/XcodeGen/pull/976) @stefanomondino

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Lookup scheme config variants by whole words, fixing incorrect assignment in names that contain subtrings of each other (eg PreProd and Prod) [#976](https://github.com/yonaskolb/XcodeGen/pull/976) @stefanomondino
```

> - Lookup scheme config variants by whole words, fixing incorrect assignment in names that contain subtrings of each other (eg PreProd and Prod) [#976](https://github.com/yonaskolb/XcodeGen/pull/976) @stefanomondino

Reviewer: I'll move this on master
